hey 72 Winnebago can you do the infernus
strange I thought I already did that car
oh wait now remember I took the video
down to the copyright issues well this
is an easy fix all i gotta do is read
upload the video except the video only
covers the car up till san andreas
meaning i'm gonna have to add on to that
video hmm well that shouldn't be a
problem
souls making like that Souchak an
earthquake you change a change
you both
you
Oh
so sorry
you
welcome back to the cars of grand theft
auto you know out of all the games and
the GTA franchise the one I keep coming
back to is san andreas sure it didn't
have the most interesting characters nor
the most compelling story still I find
it a lot of fun anyway the more I play
the game the more I noticed that a lot
of the cars are for adore and are of
average performance which is why today
I'm gonna be reviewing one of such car
the nebula now to date the nebula has
only showed up in one game san andreas
although it shows up again I'm gonna
have to make another video performance
wise as I said earlier this car is
average the handling while good is
nothing special the acceleration is by
far the most average aspect and the top
speed well it's above average and that's
about it as far as designs go the car
appears to be a combination of a 1996
boatmobile cutlass and a 1992 Chrysler
Imperial making for one of the most
boring as hell designs in any grand
theft auto game ever and FYI no amount
of customization can make it look cool
in conclusion of the nebula is an
incredibly average car with a very
vanilla design ah man this car was lame
to talk about that does it next week I'm
talk about a car from Grand Theft Auto 5